d:\support\xiang\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\DataAcess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
d:\support\xiang\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\DataAcess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\support\xiang\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\DataAcess\bin\Debug\Model.dll
d:\support\xiang\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\DataAcess\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
d:\support\xiang\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\DataAcess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
d:\support\xiang\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\DataAcess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\support\xiang\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\DataAcess\obj\Debug\DataAccess.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\support\xiang\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\DataAcess\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll.config
d:\support\xiang\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\DataAcess\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll
d:\support\xiang\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\DataAcess\bin\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
d:\support\xiang\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\DataAcess\obj\Debug\DataAccess.dll
d:\support\xiang\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\DataAcess\obj\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
D:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EFCodeFirst\DataAcess\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll.config
D:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EFCodeFirst\DataAcess\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll
D:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EFCodeFirst\DataAcess\bin\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
D:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EFCodeFirst\DataAcess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EFCodeFirst\DataAcess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EFCodeFirst\DataAcess\bin\Debug\Model.dll
D:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EFCodeFirst\DataAcess\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
D:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EFCodeFirst\DataAcess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EFCodeFirst\DataAcess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EFCodeFirst\DataAcess\obj\Debug\DataAccess.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EFCodeFirst\DataAcess\obj\Debug\DataAccess.dll
D:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EFCodeFirst\DataAcess\obj\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
D:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EFCodeFirst\DataAcess\bin\Debug\FluentApiModel.dll
D:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EFCodeFirst\DataAcess\bin\Debug\FluentApiModel.pdb
