d:\support\xiang\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\Model\bin\Debug\Model.dll
d:\support\xiang\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\Model\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
d:\support\xiang\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\Model\obj\Debug\Model.dll
d:\support\xiang\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\Model\obj\Debug\Model.pdb
d:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\Model\bin\Debug\Model.dll.config
d:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\Model\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
d:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\Model\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\Model\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
d:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\Model\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\Model\obj\Debug\Model.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EFCodeFirst\Model\bin\Debug\Model.dll.config
D:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EFCodeFirst\Model\bin\Debug\Model.dll
D:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EFCodeFirst\Model\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
D:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EFCodeFirst\Model\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EFCodeFirst\Model\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EFCodeFirst\Model\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EFCodeFirst\Model\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EFCodeFirst\Model\obj\Debug\Model.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EFCodeFirst\Model\obj\Debug\Model.dll
D:\support\xiang\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EFCodeFirst\Model\obj\Debug\Model.pdb
D:\support\xiang\Documents\GitHub\EFCodeFirst\EFCodeFirst\Model\bin\Debug\Model.dll.config
D:\support\xiang\Documents\GitHub\EFCodeFirst\EFCodeFirst\Model\bin\Debug\Model.dll
D:\support\xiang\Documents\GitHub\EFCodeFirst\EFCodeFirst\Model\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
D:\support\xiang\Documents\GitHub\EFCodeFirst\EFCodeFirst\Model\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\support\xiang\Documents\GitHub\EFCodeFirst\EFCodeFirst\Model\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\support\xiang\Documents\GitHub\EFCodeFirst\EFCodeFirst\Model\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\support\xiang\Documents\GitHub\EFCodeFirst\EFCodeFirst\Model\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\support\xiang\Documents\GitHub\EFCodeFirst\EFCodeFirst\Model\obj\Debug\Model.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\support\xiang\Documents\GitHub\EFCodeFirst\EFCodeFirst\Model\obj\Debug\Model.dll
D:\support\xiang\Documents\GitHub\EFCodeFirst\EFCodeFirst\Model\obj\Debug\Model.pdb
